[[mainwindow]]
MainWindow
----------

The main window contains most important settings and docks for the
primary editor features.

[[menu-bar]]
Menu-Bar
~~~~~~~~

image:MainMenuBar.jpg[image]

Every window has a menu bar, but the menu bar of the main window is a
little bit special because it also contains entries for global settings,
project settings and file management.

[[tab-bar]]
Tab-Bar
~~~~~~~

image:TabBar.jpg[image]

Every window has a tab bar which can hold multiple views/windows. If the
main window/view get closed (as tab or the containing "real" window) the
project gets completely closed, also all other windows.

[[viewport]]
Viewport
~~~~~~~~

image:MainViewport.jpg[image]

The viewport is simply a preview of the map, where you can place and
manipulate a world. Cuz we do not have SF world we can't use it there,
that means the viewport is more or less useless to us.

[[tool-bar]]
Tool-Bar
~~~~~~~~

image:MainToolBar.jpg[image]

The tool-bar is a strongly simplified version of the menubar and is icon
base, but its the only place where you can find the access to the
`Alpakit` window. The Tool-bar contains mainly shortcuts for the project
settings, c++ building and source control, the rest ist mostly not
useful without a map.

[[outliner]]
Outliner
~~~~~~~~

image:MainOutliner.jpg[image]

The outliner is here again pretty useless because it simply contains the
list of placed objects in the world.

[[modes]]
Modes
~~~~~

image:MainModes.jpg[image]

One more useless view cause we don't have a proper map to edit, but this
would help you to place things into the world and contains a list of
basic actors and edit tools for brushes, terrain and so on.

[[content-browser]]
Content-Browser
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

image:MainContentBrowser.jpg[image]

Finally a very very useful and important view. This view is simply a
file browser for all contents of your mod project and SF/UE source like
C++ classes.

In the left half, you can see a tree structure based folder explorer
where you can select a folder which contents get the displayed on the
right-hand side half of the view.

It also has in the left upper corner or in the context menu
(r-click-menu) the ability to create, import, export, delete or modify
content.

You can find in the `Content`-Root folder all "normal" assets and the
`C++-Classes` root folder contains all c++ classes.
