= MainWindow

The main window contains most important settings and docks for the
primary editor features.

== Menu-Bar

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainMenuBar.jpg[image]

Every window has a menu bar, but the menu bar of the main window is a
little bit special because it also contains entries for global settings,
project settings and file management.

== Tab-Bar

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/TabBar.jpg[image]

Every window has a tab bar which can hold multiple views/windows. If the
main window/view get closed (as tab or the containing "real" window) the
project gets completely closed, also all other windows.

== Viewport

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainViewport.jpg[image]

The viewport is simply a preview of the map, where you can place and
manipulate a world. Cuz we do not have SF world we can't use it there,
that means the viewport is more or less useless to us.

== Tool-Bar

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainToolBar.jpg[image]

The tool-bar is a strongly simplified version of the menubar and is icon
base, but its the only place where you can find the access to the
`+Alpakit+` window. The Tool-bar contains mainly shortcuts for the
project settings, c++ building and source control, the rest ist mostly
not useful without a map.

== Outliner

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainOutliner.jpg[image]

The outliner is here again pretty useless because it simply contains the
list of placed objects in the world.

== Modes

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainModes.jpg[image]

One more useless view cause we don't have a proper map to edit, but this
would help you to place things into the world and contains a list of
basic actors and edit tools for brushes, terrain and so on.

== Content-Browser

image:beginners_guide/UnrealEditor/MainContentBrowser.jpg[image]

Finally a very very useful and important view. This view is simply a
file browser for all contents of your mod project and SF/UE source like
C++ classes.

In the left half, you can see a tree structure based folder explorer
where you can select a folder which contents get the displayed on the
right-hand side half of the view.

It also has in the left upper corner or in the context menu
(r-click-menu) the ability to create, import, export, delete or modify
content.

You can find in the `+Content+`-Root folder all "normal" assets and the
`+C++-Classes+` root folder contains all c++ classes.
